Clarify docs for running weekly tests (#6490)
jenkinsci/bom: CONTRIBUTING.md

if you have switched the version in `bom-weekly/pom.xml` to a `*-SNAPSHOT`.

To minimize cloud resources, PCT is not run at all by default on pull requests, only some basic sanity checks.

### Running weekly tests

Add the label `weekly-test` to run the tests against one the latest weekly Jenkins version - This is what you want most of the time.

If you lack triage permission and so cannot add this label, then you may instead:

```bash
echo 'TODO delete me' > weekly-test
git add weekly-test
git commit -m 'Run weekly tests'
```

### Running all tests

> To run all lines then add the label `full-test` to run PCT in a PR - You would do this when adding a new plugin to the bom, generally you wouldn't do this apart from that as its quite expensive to run.

Author: ```suggestion
To run all lines then add the label `full-test` to run PCT in a PR - You would do this when adding a new plugin to the bom.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Running the full test suite consumes a lot of cloud resources only do this if its definitely required.
```

if you have switched the version in `bom-weekly/pom.xml` to a `*-SNAPSHOT`.

To minimize cloud resources, PCT is not run at all by default on pull requests, only some basic sanity checks.

### Running weekly tests

Add the label `weekly-test` to run the tests against one the latest weekly Jenkins version - This is what you want most of the time.

If you lack triage permission and so cannot add this label, then you may instead:

```bash
echo 'TODO delete me' > weekly-test
git add weekly-test
git commit -m 'Run weekly tests'
```

Keep the PR in draft until tests pass and this file can be deleted.

### Running all tests

To run all lines then add the label `full-test` to run PCT in a PR - You would do this when adding a new plugin to the bom.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Running the full test suite consumes a lot of cloud resources only do this if its definitely required.

Reviewer: Minor phrasing change.
```suggestion
> Running the full test suite consumes a lot of cloud resources. Only do this if its definitely required.
```
